# Questionnaire-For-Trading
Main project for Programming 1410 hopefully it can be usefull later in life as well. 

Trading Journal DataBase

The main idea of this is that when trading stocks you need a plan to be effective. You need a journal as well to learn from past mistakes. This journal has questions like Did you stick to the risk/reward plan that you made or did you not and if not Why? These questions need to be asked quickly and still be able to come back and change with ease. The reason why is that once you are done with one trade you can quickly do your AAR (after action report)/journal so you can get into doing another trade. 

The software needs to ask the questions quickly and be able to switch through and change the questions quickly. Once it is done it needs to save the Journal entry into a file with accurate date and time attached so you know when you did the trade and what your after action report was also so you can come back and change it if needed.

CRC cards would have something like Class Trading DataBase and Class JournalEntry and Class askQuestions. Class Trading DataBase will be responsible for knowing when you are done answering the questions and when to save the answers and data to a file It will also be responsible for putting the correct date and time onto the saved file. Class Journal entry will be responsible for knowing the time started and time ending when answering the question it will also be responsible for switching through questions. Class ask questions and will be responsible for taking in user input for each question and making the questions. You should be able to ask any question you want and have an answer correlating to the questions after the class is called. 

These three or maybe more classes will interact with each other. Class DataBase or it will be named SafeFile will be waiting on Class JournalEntry to be done with all the askQuestions then once the user is done with all the questions JournalEntry will wait on the user to push a certain button. Once this button is pushed it will prompt the user for a name of the journal entry making and one asking for a confidence check in how their AAR after action report on the trading has gone. Once a askQuestion class is complete as if it has its answer to its question it will save its Questions and answer in the JournalEntry and JouranlEntry will then start the next askQuestion. 

This project could be shared with other coders and added to because the class askQuestion is very useful for maybe other projects and should be easily used. The JournalEntry Class could be used for any type of Journal related problem or job and other coders could improve it or build upon it for their specific job. The Class DataBase is mainly responsible for saving the file and allowing the user to access the file later. Databases have been built already but having my own type of database would be fun. I could have one coder refine the DataBase class making it very easy for things to save a string to a file and then when prompted the file is quickly accessible into a string that the user can edit and then save again. Another coder could make the JournalEntry Class work very smoothly and take in any type of questions or even pictures and save them in a way that makes sense and is easy to access the subsets to the questions and entries. Another coder could fix out the possible issues with the askQuestion class having it deal with null or any other possible errors or problems it might create.